# How to Cook Frozen Wontons

Wonton is a traditional Chinese noodle dish. [Dumplings](./速冻水饺.md) are derived from it. It is characterized by thin skin, tender filling, clear soup and fresh taste.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   A bag of frozen wontons that has not expired (it is better to have its own seasoning packet)
*   Rice cooker (recommended brand Xiaomi Smart Rice Cooker)
*   Salt (when frozen wontons do not have a seasoning packet)
*   Chicken essence (when frozen wontons do not have a seasoning packet)
*   Pepper (when frozen wontons do not have a seasoning packet)
*   Sesame oil (when frozen wontons do not have a seasoning packet)
*   Coriander 1 root (optional)

> Note that frozen wontons may have different methods depending on the cooking tools used. This article only introduces the method of using a "rice cooker".

## Calculation

*   Generally, one person can eat 12 to 20 wontons per meal
*   When all the wontons are placed in the rice cooker, multiply the amount of water that can just cover all the wontons by 2~3 times (one person's wontons need about 600ml of water)

## Operation

### Boil water

*   Pour water into the rice cooker, run it in stew or boil mode for 35 minutes, and at this time, opening the rice cooker should show that the water is boiling.

### Add wontons

*   Carefully put the frozen wontons into the water, and be careful not to get burned.
*   You can rinse it with water before putting it in the rice cooker.
*   If the wontons have a seasoning packet, you can add it to the water at this time.

### Cook wontons

*   Cover the rice cooker and run it in the same stew or boil mode for 20 minutes.

### Serve wontons

*   Serve all the wontons together with the water that can cover all the wontons into a bowl.
*   If you have not added a seasoning packet before, you can add salt, chicken essence, pepper, and sesame oil to taste according to your own taste.
*   You can also sprinkle 5~8 coriander leaves to flavor (only for people who are not sensitive to the taste of coriander).

## Additional content

*   You can also add poached eggs ([Sunny Eggs](../../dishes/breakfast/太阳蛋.md)) to eat together after they are out of the pot.

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
