# How to Cook Frozen Dumplings

Dumplings are a type of food originating from China, made by wrapping fillings in dough, shaped like a crescent or ingot. Dumplings are an important food during festivals such as the Lunar New Year and the Winter Solstice. They are usually made by wrapping minced meat and vegetable fillings in a thin piece of raw dough and sealing it. However, the disadvantage of dumplings is that they are difficult to make. You may want to choose to buy frozen dumplings to quickly eat hot dumplings at home.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   A bag of frozen dumplings that has not expired

## Calculation

*   Generally, one person can eat 7 to 10 dumplings
*   One dumpling requires approximately twice its volume of water (when the dumplings are poured into the pot, the height of the water should be one to two times the height of the dumplings, that is, if the height of the dumpling is 1, the height of the water is 1~2)

Use the above conditions to calculate the ratio of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

*   Medium heat, pour water into the pot, and wait for the water to boil.
*   Pour the dumplings into the pot.
*   You can rinse it with water before pouring it into the pot.
*   After pouring the dumplings, you can stir the water with a cooking spoon or spatula, but be careful not to touch the dumplings to avoid tearing the skin or sticking to each other, causing undercooked areas.
*   The frequency does not need to be too high, shake for 3 seconds on average every 30 seconds, and this step is not needed after the dumplings float.
*   After the dumplings float and the water boils again, use a cooking spoon to scoop up a dumpling to observe. If the dough is undercooked, use a cooking spoon to scoop 80ml of cold water to lower the water temperature, and then continue to cook until boiling. Repeat this observation and stirring operation during this period. It can be fully cooked with up to two additions of water.
*   After all the dumplings have floated (about 8 minutes after putting the dumplings in the pot), use a spatula or slotted spoon to scoop the dumplings into a plate or bowl, and they can be eaten after being plated.
*   After eating the dumplings, wait for the water temperature in the pot to decrease, pour out the water and wash the pot with detergent in time, otherwise the flour cooked in the pot will form a sticky substance on the pot wall after a while.

## Additional Content

There are some additional ways to make this dish, including but not limited to:

Add the following materials:

*   Black vinegar 10ml
*   Ginger A small piece of 50 grams
*   Sesame oil 2 drops
*   Garlic/minced garlic 3 cloves/person

*   Consider eating with black vinegar. Recommended dosage: 10-20ml.
*   Consider cutting ginger into shreds, adding 20ml of black vinegar and mixing with ginger shreds in a small bowl as a dipping sauce for a richer flavor.
*   Consider adding 1~3 drops of sesame oil when pairing with black vinegar and mixing as a dipping sauce.
*   Consider adding mashed garlic when pairing with black vinegar and mixing as a dipping sauce. (Garlic flavor will remain in the mouth. If you need to talk to others face-to-face after the meal, it is recommended to give up or clean your mouth)

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
