# Shaanbei Stewed Green Beans Recipe

Shaanbei Stewed Green Beans is a very beginner-friendly dish, because its production method uses the `stewing` method, the ingredients can be more or less, optional, and there is almost no possibility of failure.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Green beans
- Potato
- Tomato
- Capsicum (optional)
- Salt
- Light soy sauce
- Five-spice powder
- Oyster sauce
- Scallion
- Ginger
- Garlic

## Calculation

Note that due to individual differences in ingredients, this recipe is for 2 servings.

- 300g green beans * 2 people
- 1 potato * 2 people
- 1 tomato * 2 people
- Capsicum (optional) 2 * 2 people
- 6g salt * 2 people
- 6ml light soy sauce * 2 people
- 3g five-spice powder * 2 people
- 6ml oyster sauce * 2 people
- 3 circles of scallions
- 2g ginger
- 2 cloves of garlic
- Chopped coriander (optional) add according to taste

## Operation

- Cut the scallions into flowers, mince the garlic, and shred the ginger, set aside.
- Remove the strings from the green beans, and cut them into small sections of *2-10cm*, set aside.
- Peel the potatoes, and cut them into small pieces of *1cm³*, set aside.
- Peel the tomatoes, and cut them into small pieces of *1cm³*, set aside.
- Remove the seeds from the peppers, and cut them into strips of *0.15cm wide*, set aside.
- Heat oil in a pot (10ml - 15ml), add scallions, ginger, and garlic after the oil smokes, and stir-fry until fragrant;
- Add green beans and stir-fry until they change color (green turns to emerald green);
- Add potato pieces and stir-fry for 30s;
- Add hot water (water just covers the vegetables), cover the pot and simmer until the potatoes are *soft* (you can use chopsticks to confirm);
- Add tomato pieces, add salt, light soy sauce, oyster sauce, five-spice powder, peppers, and simmer until the tomatoes become juice (be careful to stir to prevent sticking to the pot);
- Add chopped coriander and serve.

## Additional content

- After adding tomatoes and continuing to simmer, you need to stir occasionally to prevent sticking to the bottom.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
