# Chinese Pie Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   Flour (non-self-raising)
*   Minced meat
*   Oil
*   Salt
*   Sugar
*   Cornstarch
*   Soy sauce
*   Flavor seasonings (such as chicken powder, cumin, pepper salt, optional)
*   Garlic
*   Green onion
*   Eggs (optional)
*   Carrots (optional)
*   Frying pan
*   Wok (can be replaced with the same frying pan)

## Calculation

Each serving contains:

*   Flour 200g
*   Minced meat 50g
*   Oil 30ml
*   Salt 3g
*   Sugar 5g
*   Cornstarch 10g
*   Soy sauce 5g
*   Flavor seasonings 3g
*   Garlic 2 cloves
*   Green onion 1/4 (leaf part)
*   Eggs (optional, 1)

Use the above conditions to calculate the proportion of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

### Prepare ingredients

*   Take minced meat (thawed), add 1/2 of all the above seasonings (oil, salt, sugar, soy sauce, flavor seasonings) and all the cornstarch, stir well, and marinate for 30 minutes.
*   Add the flour to a bowl, add the eggs, add the remaining 1/2 of all the above seasonings, add water equivalent to 1/2 of the flour (so that the flour is relatively viscous but can flow), and stir well.
*   Chop the garlic into minced garlic.
*   Cut the green onion into sections.
*   Cut the carrots into minced pieces (used as filling, so it is required to be as fine as possible, you can use乱刀 (乱刀) (random cuts))

### Cooking

*   Heat the pot with cold oil, wide oil to start the pot.
*   After the oil is hot, add minced garlic and stir-fry until fragrant.
*   Add the marinated minced meat and stir-fry until it changes color.
*   Add the minced carrots to the minced meat and stir-fry together until the oil is dyed golden yellow (this is to extract the flavor of the carrots).
*   Turn off the heat. Cool for 2 minutes.
*   Pour the stir-fried minced meat into the raw batter and stir well.
*   Turn on the heat again and spread the bottom oil on the frying pan.
*   Adjust to low heat, pour the batter into the pot and spread it evenly. Make sure the thickness is not too high. You can pick up the pot and let the batter flow over the bottom of the pot to complete this operation.
*   While the surface of the cake is still liquid, sprinkle with green onion sections.
*   Keep the heat low until the bottom solidifies.
*   Flip the cake over and continue to bake over low heat until the other side solidifies.
*   After that, fry each side for an additional 20 seconds.
*   Turn off the heat and serve.

## Additional Content

- After adding the minced meat and minced carrots to the batter, you should try to stir well to ensure that the taste spreads to all parts of the cake.
- The minced meat and minced carrots, that is, the filling, can be replaced with various cooked fillings.

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
