# How to Make Cold Rabbit

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Rabbit meat
- Salt
- Monosodium glutamate
- Oyster sauce
- Cooking wine
- Garlic
- Ginger
- Small onion/onion/onion
- Dried chili
- Green Sichuan peppercorns
- Star anise
- Cinnamon
- Bay leaf
- Galangal
- White cardamom
- Fennel
- White sesame seeds

## Calculation

- Salt amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 2 grams
- Monosodium glutamate amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 1 gram
- Oyster sauce amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 5 grams
- Cooking wine amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 10 grams
- Oil amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 0.9 ～ 1 liter
- Garlic amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * half a head of garlic
- Ginger amount = garlic amount
- Total amount of small onion/onion/onion = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 15 grams
- Dried chili amount = the total volume of chili sections equals the total volume of rabbit meat
- Green peppercorn amount = 3 pounds of rabbit meat corresponds to a small bowl for eating, a whole bowl of peppercorns
- Star anise amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 1
- Cinnamon amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * a piece the length of a thumb
- Bay leaf amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 5
- Galangal amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * a soybean-sized piece
- White cardamom amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 2
- Fennel amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 15 grams
- White sesame seed amount = rabbit meat weight in pounds * 25 grams

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials.

## Operation

1. Peel and chop the garlic and ginger for later use, wash the star anise, cinnamon, bay leaf, galangal, white cardamom, and fennel for later use.
2. Cut the dried chili into 2 cm small sections, wash and set aside.
3. Wash the small onion/onion/onion, and cut the onion into small pieces.
4. Chop the rabbit meat into 2 cm small pieces, add salt, cooking wine, and monosodium glutamate to season, and marinate for 15 minutes.
5. Pour oil into the pot, when the oil temperature is 40% heat, add small onion/onion/onion, stir-fry over medium-low heat until fragrant, and when the small onion/onion/onion is slightly charred, remove it.
6. Turn on high heat to increase the oil temperature, when the oil temperature is 80% heat, add the rabbit meat, turn to medium-low heat during the frying process, and take out the rabbit meat when it is slightly browned.
7. Increase the oil temperature, pour in dried chili, green peppercorns, star anise, cinnamon, bay leaf, galangal, white cardamom, fennel; turn to low heat and fry the chili sections until crispy.
8. Pour the rabbit meat back in, add oyster sauce, and stir-fry for a few minutes.
9. Turn off the heat, add garlic, ginger, and white sesame seeds, and stir-fry evenly.
10. Let it sit overnight for a better flavor.

## Additional content

In step 6 of the operation, pay attention to: the amount of oil should submerge the rabbit meat, and it should be added in time if it is not submerged.

In step 7 of the operation, pay attention to: the chili is very easy to burn, and it will turn black when it is burnt. This process is very fast, so be sure to use low heat. Basically, when there is not much moisture evaporating, you can add the rabbit meat.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
