# How to Make Cola Chicken Wings

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Chicken wings
* Cola
* White sugar
* Light soy sauce
* Salt
* Ginger
* Cooking wine or beer
* Small onion

## Calculation

According to the amount of 1 plate:

* Chicken wings 10 ～ 12
* Cola 500ml
* White sugar 10 grams
* Light soy sauce 15 grams
* Dark soy sauce 3 grams
* Salt 2 grams
* Ginger 2 slices
* Cooking wine 20 ml
* Small onion tied into a knot

## Operation

* Put the chicken wings into the pot and pour in cold water to submerge them. Add 1 slice of ginger and 10 ～ 20 ml of cooking wine. After boiling over high heat (about 2 minutes), skim off the foam and drain the water
  * This step is for frozen chicken wings. Freshly bought chicken wings can be directly cut and marinated with light soy sauce.
* Take out the chicken wings and use a knife to make two cuts on each side. Marinate the chicken wings with about 10 grams of light soy sauce for 10 minutes (the light soy sauce should completely cover the surface of the chicken wings to taste)
* Reheat the pot over low heat and add oil. First, sauté the remaining ginger slices until fragrant, then add the marinated chicken wings. Fry the chicken wings until golden brown and turn them over (until both sides are golden brown). Use a spatula to stir the chicken wings and stir-fry with the ginger slices 4～5 times (the purpose is to prevent the chicken wings and ginger slices from sticking together).
* When the chicken wings are golden brown, pour cola over the chicken wings, bring the cola in the pot to a boil over high heat, and then skim off the floating black foam (including blood). Add the onion knot at this time.
* Seasoning: Add 2 grams of edible salt, 10 grams of white sugar, and 3 grams of light soy sauce for seasoning (you can add dark soy sauce to adjust the base color appropriately, 3 grams).
* When the onion knot turns yellow, take it out together with the ginger slices, turn to medium heat and continue to simmer the cola chicken wings.
* When the cola is in a silky state, turn off the heat and let the juice firmly coat the chicken wings. Take it out of the pot and put it on a plate.

## Additional content

* Adding ginger while sautéing can prevent the chicken wings from sticking to the pot.
* Do not use too high heat when collecting the juice at the end to prevent the taste from becoming bitter.
* This dish is sweet.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
