# How to Make Sweet and Sour Pork

Sweet and sour pork is a very delicious dish. Just one dish can make you eat with relish. Both adults and children love it. This time, we are making a simple version of pineapple sweet and sour pork. Using simple ingredients, you can make a unique sweet and sour pork at home.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Pork tenderloin
- Green pepper
- Canned pineapple slices
- Salt
- Ketchup
- White vinegar
- Minced garlic
- Light soy sauce
- Cornstarch
- White sugar

## Calculation

Per serving:

- 1 tablespoon = 15ml
- 1 teaspoon = 5ml

- Pork tenderloin 100g
- Green pepper 25g
- Canned pineapple slices 75g
- Salt 1/4 teaspoon
- Ketchup 4 tablespoons
- White vinegar 2 teaspoons
- Minced garlic 1 tablespoon
- Light soy sauce 1/2 teaspoon
- Cornstarch 2 1/2 teaspoons
- White sugar 2 tablespoons
- Water 200 ml

## Operation

- Wash the pork tenderloin (100 grams), then wipe off the water with kitchen paper, and cut the pork into a size that is a little smaller than the desired finished product.
- Marinate the pork tenderloin with salt (1/2 teaspoon) for 20 minutes.
- Cut the pineapple slices (75 grams) into pieces.
- Add ketchup (4 tablespoons), white vinegar (2 teaspoons), minced garlic (1 tablespoon), light soy sauce (½ teaspoon), cornstarch (2½ teaspoons), white sugar (2 tablespoons), salt (¼ teaspoon) and water (200 ml) in a bowl, and mix well to make a sauce.
- Coat the pork tenderloin pieces with cornstarch (6 tablespoons).
- Add oil (500 ml) and heat over medium heat.
- Put the pork tenderloin pieces into the pot and fry over medium heat for 5 minutes, then remove.
- Add the pork tenderloin pieces and stir-fry over high heat for 1 minute.
- Add oil (1 teaspoon) and sauce, and heat over medium heat for 3 minutes.
- Add green pepper and pineapple, and heat over high heat for 2 minutes.
- Mix the fried pork tenderloin pieces with the sauce and it's ready.

## Additional content

- If you want the meat to have more layers, you can add eggs to the cornstarch, which will make it more crispy when fried.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
