# How to Make Tomato Red Sauce

Tomato red sauce is rich, delicious, and nutritious, and I like it very much. It can be used as a versatile sauce for staple foods such as pancakes, pasta ~~hot dry noodles~~. It is a bit cumbersome and suitable for people with cooking experience to try. It doesn’t matter if you can’t finish it at once, you can freeze it and take it out to heat it at any time. (But be sure to remember to eat it)

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Ground beef
- Garlic cloves
- Carrot
- Celery
- Onion
- Olive oil
- Sugar
- Edible salt
- Pepper powder
- Tomato sauce
- Milk
- Dried basil or thyme (optional)

## Calculation

Per serving:

- Ground beef 500g
- Garlic cloves 2
- Carrot half
- Celery one
- Onion half
- Olive oil
- Sugar 2g
- Edible salt 10g
- Black pepper powder 5g
- Tomato sauce 300g
- Milk 300ml

## Operation

- Chop the carrots, celery, and onion, and slice the garlic cloves.
- Add 10ml of olive oil, heat the oil and add the vegetables, stir-fry over high heat until they start to change color slightly, then remove.
- Add 10ml of oil to the pot, add garlic and stir-fry for 10 seconds, add ground beef, sugar, salt, pepper powder and spices to stir-fry the beef until crispy (granular).
- Add the stir-fried vegetables and tomato sauce and continue to stir-fry, stirring evenly.
- Slowly pour in the milk in multiple portions, simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes, and it's done.

## Additional content

- **Considering that the salt content of various brands of tomato sauce is different, it is recommended to add less salt when frying the beef, taste it while cooking and then adjust the seasoning**
- **Please stir during cooking the sauce to avoid sticking to the pot. If the sauce becomes viscous, it can be taken out of the pot!**
- According to personal taste, you can replace the ground beef with half ground pork and half ground beef, and replace the milk with chicken broth or drinking water.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
