# How to Make Stir-fried Pork with Chili Peppers

⚠️Note: This dish requires some basic cooking skills and is not recommended for beginners.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Green chili peppers (Hangjiao or Screw peppers are recommended if you like spicy food, use bell peppers or sweet peppers if you don’t like spicy food)
* Lean pork
* Salt
* Light soy sauce
* Oyster sauce
* Garlic
* Ginger
* Soy sauce (optional)
* Douchi (optional)

## Calculation

Before each production, you need to determine how many servings you plan to make. One serving is just enough for 1 person to eat

Total amount:

* Number of green chili peppers = number of servings * 3.
* Amount of meat = number of servings * 200g.
* Amount of salt = number of servings * 3g.
* Light soy sauce = number of servings * 3ml.
* Oyster sauce = number of servings * 3ml.
* Garlic = number of servings * 5g.
* Ginger = number of servings * 5g.
* Soy sauce = number of servings * 2ml.
* Douchi = number of servings * 3g.

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials.

## Operation

* Wash the `green chili peppers`, remove the `green chili pepper stems` and `green chili pepper seeds`, and then cut them using the `rolling cut method` for later use.
* Pat the `garlic` with a knife, and then cut it horizontally into `garlic cloves`, mince the `ginger` into `ginger mince`.
* Cut the `lean pork` into `slices` (cut along the grain of the pork, that is, the knife and the grain of the meat are horizontal, and the resulting meat slices have a "川" pattern).
* Wash the cut `pork`, put it in an empty bowl, then add the calculated `light soy sauce`, `oyster sauce`, and `salt`, stir evenly, and marinate for 10 minutes.
* Heat the pot, without adding oil, put the `cut green chili peppers` into the pot, dry-fry over high heat until tiger skin-like, then add 2g of `salt` and continue to stir-fry for 1 minute, then remove.
* Without washing the pot, heat the pot over high heat, add number of servings * 8ml of `oil`, wait 30s, add `garlic cloves` and `ginger mince` and stir-fry for 15s.
* Add the marinated `pork` and pour it into the pot and stir-fry for 2 minutes, then add the dry-fried `green chili peppers` and stir-fry for 1 minute.
* Add `douchi` according to personal taste preferences, and finally add `soy sauce` and continue to stir-fry for 30s.
* Remove from the pot and serve.

## Additional content

**Only green chili peppers and screw peppers can be selected for chili peppers, and other varieties of chili peppers must not be selected!**

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
