# How to Make Stir-fried Shredded Pork with Dried Tofu

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Pork loin (you can buy shredded meat that has been cut and weighed in the supermarket)
* Dried tofu
* Salt
* Light soy sauce
* Starch
* Garlic
* Green pepper
* Chicken essence

## Calculation

Before each production, you need to determine how many servings you plan to make. One serving is just enough for 1 person to eat

Total amount:

* Dried tofu = number of servings * 75g
* Number of green peppers = number of servings * 5
* Amount of meat = number of servings * 100g
* Amount of salt = number of servings * 3g
* Light soy sauce = number of servings * 5ml
* Starch = number of servings * 5g
* Garlic = number of servings * 5g (about 3 cloves of garlic)
* Chicken essence = 2g

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials.

## Operation

### Preparation

* Mix the `shredded meat` (if there is no shredded meat, cut it yourself) with light soy sauce (3ml) and starch evenly for later use.
* Wash the `green pepper` and cut it using the `rolling cut method` for later use.
* Cut the `garlic` horizontally into slices, and cut the `dried tofu` into shreds.
* Mix the `starch` with water (10ml) and stir evenly.

### Start cooking

* Add 15ml of oil to a clean pot, pour in the shredded meat slowly without waiting for the oil to heat up, stir-fry the shredded meat until cooked, remove it immediately, and leave the oil in the pot.
* Put the garlic slices and dried tofu into the pot, add 2ml of light soy sauce, and stir-fry evenly.
* After 2-3 minutes, depending on the heat, put the shredded green pepper into the pot and mix, stir-fry.
* After 1 minute, add the shredded meat and mix.
* Pour in the mixture of starch and water to thicken the sauce, add 3g of salt, 2g of chicken essence, stir-fry for 2-3 minutes and serve.
* Finished product.

Note that different pots or stoves will affect the stir-frying time. It is recommended that if you are not sure whether it is cooked, you can try it.

## Additional content

**Choose green pepper for chili peppers, screw pepper is the best solution, if you like spicy food, you can add millet pepper and chop it finely, add it with green pepper!**

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
