# Stir-fried Instant Noodles Recipe

This is the most successful attempt after exploring the improvement direction of traditional boiled instant noodles. It can greatly improve the deliciousness of instant noodles and is simple and easy to make. Let's start stir-frying!

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   Instant noodles
*   Salt
*   Eggs
*   Ham sausage (optional)

## Calculation

You need to determine how many servings you plan to make before each production. One serving is enough for 1 person.

Total amount:

*   The amount of instant noodles is 1.2 packs/person, rounded down.
*   The amount of eggs is 1.4/person, rounded down.
*   The amount of salt is the amount of eggs * 2g.
*   The amount of ham sausage is 0.7/person, rounded up.
*   The amount of cooking oil is 10 - 18 ml / person.

Use the above conditions to calculate the proportion of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

### Ham sausage pretreatment

*   Tear open the ham sausage packaging and cut it into small pieces with a width of 1cm.

### Noodle processing

*   Add 300 ml of water to the cooking pot. Boil.
*   Add the instant noodle cake and cook for 45 seconds. Stir it during the cooking process to break up the noodles.
*   Turn off the heat immediately after the noodles are broken up.
*   Separate the noodle soup and noodles. Rinse the noodles with cold water.

### Sauce processing

*   Prepare a small bowl and squeeze in the instant noodle seasoning packets.
    *   Squeeze in all the vegetable packets
    *   Squeeze in all the sauce packets
    *   Squeeze in 50% - 80% of the powder packets. (It will be very salty if all the powder packets are squeezed in)
*   Take out 80ml of the noodle soup from the previous step, add it to the small bowl, and stir well to get a seasoning bowl.

### Egg pretreatment

*   Take out the calculated number of eggs and beat them into a small bowl.
*   Add 2g of salt to each egg. Stir well.
*   Heat the pot for 20s and add servings * 8ml of oil.
*   Add the bowl of eggs you just prepared. Stir-fry for about 20s until the eggs form a solid state.
*   Remove the fried eggs and set aside.

### Final steps

*   Heat the pot for 20s and increase the oil in the pot to servings * 10ml.
*   Add the ham sausage processed in the first step. Stir-fry for 10 seconds.
*   Add the noodles from the second step. Stir-fry for 30 seconds.
*   Add the seasoning bowl from the third step. Stir-fry for 30 seconds.
*   Add the fried eggs from the fourth step. Stir-fry for 30 seconds.
*   Turn off the heat and serve.

## Additional Content

In Beijing, you can consider adding sesame sauce after serving. If the sesame sauce is too thick, you can dilute it with water at a 1:1 ratio.

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
