# Egg Fried Rice Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   Cold rice
*   Eggs
*   Ham
*   Cucumber
*   Carrot
*   Oil
*   Salt
*   Pepper
*   Light soy sauce
*   Scallions
*   Shredded beef/luncheon meat/sausage/braised meat... and other cooked meat (optional)

When preparing, you can refer to[Rice Recipe](./米饭/电饭煲蒸米饭.md).

## Calculation

You need to determine how many servings you plan to make before each production. One serving is enough for 1-2 people.

Total amount:

*   Cold rice (servings*500ml)
*   Eggs (servings*1.5 // 1 rounded down)
*   Ham (servings*2)
*   Cucumber (optional, servings*30g)
*   Carrot (optional, servings*30g)
*   Oil (servings*12ml)
*   Salt (servings\*4g - servings*6g)
*   Pepper (servings*8g)
*   Scallions (servings*1)
*   Light soy sauce (servings*10ml)

Use the above conditions to calculate the proportion of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

*   Use a spatula to chop the rice into small pieces in advance
*   Cut ham sausage, carrots, cucumbers, etc. into slices or pieces according to your needs
*   If you have cooked meat at home, prepare it for a better taste
*   Separate the egg whites and yolks, and beat them separately into a large bowl and stir well. Note: Do not add salt at this step.
*   Heat the pot over high heat, add cooking oil when the pot is smoking, add the egg whites, and set aside after the main body has solidified.
*   If there is enough oil, add the egg yolks directly. If there is not enough oil, add cooking oil and wait for it to heat up to high heat.
*   After the main body has solidified, turn the heat to medium-low heat, pour in ham sausage, cooked meat, carrots, cucumbers and other prepared ingredients, and stir-fry for 10 seconds (until fragrant)
*   Pour in the egg whites again, stir-fry for 5 seconds, quickly pour in the rice and stir-fry over high heat, the purpose is to coat each grain of rice with egg.
*   Crush the lumps of rice during the stir-frying process. This step will take a long time. Stir-fry evenly after all the rice is crushed.
*   Adjust to low heat, add salt, pepper, and light soy sauce
*   Stir-fry evenly further, it is almost done when you can see some rice "jumping" in the pot
*   Finally, pour in the scallions and stir-fry for another 10s
*   Turn off the heat and serve into a bowl

## Additional Content

*   Technical summary
    - It is best to use leftover cold rice for fried rice. Students who do not have cold rice can also cook it now (you can use the refrigerator to cool the rice immediately), but it will take longer to stir-fry to achieve a "distinct grains" taste.
    - To make fried rice "distinct grains", you actually have to dry the rice. The reason why you use leftover cold rice is because it has lost a certain amount of moisture overnight.

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
