# How to Make Small Crispy Meat

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Peeled pork (choose fat or lean according to preference)
- Vegetable oil
- Old ginger
- Small onion
- Cooking wine
- Salt
- Thirteen incense
- Pepper powder
- Monosodium glutamate
- Chicken essence
- Crushed peppercorns
- Peppercorns
- Light soy sauce
- Egg
- Flour
- Sweet potato starch

## Calculation

### Main ingredients

- Pork 500 grams

### Accessories

- Eggs 2
- Flour 30 grams
- Sweet potato starch 120 grams

### Onion and ginger water

- Old ginger 20 grams
- Small onion 15 grams
- Cooking wine 15 grams
- Clear water 80 grams

### Marinating seasoning

- Salt 4 grams
- Thirteen incense 2 grams
- Pepper powder 3 grams
- Monosodium glutamate 5 grams
- Chicken essence 5 grams
- Crushed peppercorns 3 grams
- Peppercorns 3 grams
- Light soy sauce 8 grams

## Operation

### Making onion and ginger water

- Cut the old ginger into shreds, no need to cut the small onion.
- Pour in cooking wine and clear water according to the calculation formula.
- Knead by hand for 5 minutes to fully dissolve the flavor of ginger and onion in the water.

### Pork processing

- Wash the pork after peeling
- Cut into strips 8~10 cm long and 1.5 cm thick.
- Add salt, thirteen incense, pepper powder, monosodium glutamate, chicken essence, crushed peppercorns, peppercorns, and light soy sauce according to the above calculation formula.
- Pour in the previously prepared onion and ginger water
- Grab evenly and knead thoroughly for 10 minutes until the meat absorbs all the water and becomes sticky.
- Seal with plastic wrap and let stand in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.

### Pork coating

- Pour flour and sweet potato flour into the marinated meat and add egg white.
- Knead thoroughly for 15 minutes.

### Preliminary frying to set the shape

- Pour vegetable oil into the pot, control the amount of oil according to the size of the pot, the oil surface is more than 3 cm high°
- Heat the temperature to 150° over high heat, then turn to low heat to maintain the temperature.
- Use chopsticks to clip the coated meat strips into the oil pan, smooth them into your favorite shape, and fry for 3~5 minutes to set the shape. Visually, the color is slightly yellow. You can feel that it is slightly harder when you turn it with a spatula. The specific time is affected by the size of the meat pieces, oil temperature, and degree of coating.
- Remove and drain the oil.

tips: If you are not sure about the time, you can fry it a little longer, otherwise the meat will have a raw taste. If you have no experience, you can put it into the pot one by one to prevent sticking.

### Re-fry to produce the finished product

- Increase the oil temperature to 180° and put the pre-fried meat strips in, fry until golden brown and remove.

## Additional content

- Be sure to knead the sweet potato flour to disperse the flour, and do not have dry particles wrapped inside, otherwise it will explode! ! !
- If there is too much meat to eat, you can just fry it once and put it in the refrigerator. When you take it out and re-fry it later, the taste will basically not be affected.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
