# How to Make Shanxi Fried Pork

Fried pork is a traditional dish in Shanxi with many years of history, and almost every family knows how to make it.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Pork tenderloin
- Garlic moss
- Salt
- Soy sauce
- Green onion, ginger, garlic
- Egg
- Starch
- Cooking oil
- Fungus
- Onion
- Cooking wine
- Chen vinegar
- Pepper powder
- Chicken essence

## Calculation

I have a large appetite, this is the amount for one person

- Pork tenderloin 150 g
- Garlic moss 6
- Cooking oil 300ml
- Green onion, ginger, garlic 50g
- Light soy sauce 20ml
- Salt 10g
- Egg 1
- Starch 10g
- Fungus 20g
- Onion 100g
- Other seasonings 20g

## Operation

- Soak the fungus in advance, if you are in a hurry, you can soak it in hot water.
- Cut the pork tenderloin into slices and put it in a bowl, add 20ml of light soy sauce, cooking wine, and pepper powder, beat in an egg, stir evenly with your small hands, add starch (sweet potato starch is recommended) and mix well, pour in 300ml of cooking oil to seal the pulp, and marinate for 15 minutes.
- Cut the garlic moss into sections of about 3cm, and cut the onion into rhombus shapes for later use.
- Heat the pot and add more oil, the oil temperature should be 50% hot, add the marinated meat slices, break up the meat slices, and remove to drain the oil for later use.
- Pour out the excess oil from the pot, leaving 10ml of oil for cooking, the oil temperature should be 70% hot
- Add green onion, ginger and garlic to sauté until fragrant, first add garlic moss and stir-fry until it is broken, then add fungus and onion, add light soy sauce, pepper powder, stir-fry a few times and add the previously fried meat slices and stir-fry
- Add 10g of salt, add 10ml of vinegar and chicken essence before serving, and serve.

## Additional content

- When frying meat slices, the surface should be slightly charred, pay attention to controlling the heat.
- You can also add a thin layer of water starch before serving to make it taste better.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
