# How to Make Yuxiang Shredded Pork

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Pork loin 200g
* Carrot 100g
* Green pepper 100g
* Fungus (dried) 5g
* Light soy sauce 10ml
* Cooking wine 5ml
* Egg white 1
* Starch 10g
* Vinegar 15ml
* White sugar 10g
* Salt 5g
* Ginger 20g
* Scallions 20g
* Garlic 2 cloves
* Doubanjiang 15g

## Calculation

Note that this dish only has a version that is enough for 1-2 people.

## Operation

### Making marinade and fragrant sauce

* Make `marinade`: Mix the following ingredients:
  * Light soy sauce 5ml
  * Cooking wine 5ml
  * Starch 5g
  * Water 20ml
  * Egg white 1
* Make `fragrant sauce`: Mix the following ingredients:
  * Light soy sauce 5ml
  * Vinegar 15ml
  * White sugar 10g
  * Salt 1g
  * Starch 5g
  * Water 20ml

### Processing raw materials

* Marinate the pork loin with `marinade` for 15-30 minutes. Be sure to mix the meat evenly.
* Soak the dried fungus for 4 hours, wash and cut into small pieces.
* Wash the green pepper, remove the stem, and cut into shreds.
* Wash the carrot, cut into shreds, and [blanch](../../tips/learn/学习焯水.md) the carrot shreds.
* Mince the ginger and garlic.
* Cut the scallions into 5mm small sections.

### Cook all kinds of materials

* Heat the pot, add 15ml of oil.
* Pour the prepared marinated meat into the pot, quickly stir-fry until it turns white, and set aside.
* Heat the pot, add 5ml of oil.
* Pour in all the `scallions`, `ginger`, `garlic`, `Doubanjiang`.
* Pour in all the `carrots`, stir-fry for 20s, then add green pepper and fungus, stir-fry for 2 minutes.
* Pour in the `stir-fried meat`. Stir-fry quickly and evenly. Be careful not to stir-fry for more than 20 seconds.
* Pour in the `fragrant sauce`. Stir-fry quickly and evenly. Be careful not to stir-fry for more than 15 seconds.
* Turn off the heat and serve.

## Additional content

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
