# Cold Tossed Black Fungus Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Black fungus
* Sesame paste
* Soy sauce
* Vinegar
* Oyster sauce
* White sugar
* Sesame oil
* Garlic
* Salt

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 1-2 people to eat.

Total amount:

* 1 handful of black fungus (about 100g) * number of servings
* 15ml vinegar * number of servings
* 5ml soy sauce * number of servings
* 10ml sesame paste * number of servings
* 5ml sesame oil * number of servings
* 5g sugar * number of servings
* 10ml oyster sauce * number of servings
* Two **heads** of garlic * number of servings

## Operation

* Soak the black fungus in warm water for 30 minutes.
* After the black fungus is soaked, wash it and tear it into small pieces.
* Boil water in a pot, add the black fungus and blanch for 1 minute.
* Remove the black fungus and drain the water.
* Mince the garlic.
* Put vinegar, soy sauce, sesame paste, sesame oil, sugar, oyster sauce, and minced garlic into a bowl and mix well.
* Put the black fungus into a large basin, pour the sauce from the above bowl, and mix thoroughly.

## Additional content

* Sesame paste can be replaced with peanut butter
* Sesame paste must be mixed evenly with black fungus to be more delicious.
* You can add some coriander for color and flavor.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
