# Spicy Beef Tallow Hot Pot Base Recipe

Chongqing hot pot, also known as tripe hot pot or spicy hot pot, is one of China's traditional eating methods.

It originated in the late Ming and early Qing Dynasties on the banks of the Jialing River in Chongqing. This dish was also a rough catering method for boatmen and trackers at wharfs such as Chaotianmen.

Its main ingredients are beef tripe, pork throat, duck intestines, beef blood curd, etc.

Generally, beginners only need 1 hour to complete it.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

### Raw Materials

*   Beef tallow 4500 g
*   (Salad oil or rapeseed oil) 1000 ml
*   Pure lard 500 g
*   Douban (Pixian) 1000 g
*   Ciba chili 3000 g
*   Old ginger (sliced) 250 g
*   Green onion (cut into sections) 100 g
*   Onion (shredded) 100 g
*   Garlic (sliced) 200 g
*   Douchi (minced) (Yongchuan) 10 g
*   Doubanjiang 140 g
*   Red peppercorns 150 g
*   Old oil? Granular spices 100 g: Shaped spices 150 g
*   Malt flour (meat flavor) 12.5 g
*   Baijiu (52%VOL) 150 ml
*   Old oil?? Dry chili powder 15 g

### Spices

*   Galangal 5 g
*   Star anise 10 g
*   Cao Guo 10 g
*   Cinnamon 10 g
*   Cloves 5 g
*   Fennel 10 g
*   Angelica dahurica 10 g
*   Long pepper 5 g
*   Vanilla 10 g
*   Amomum tsao-ko 10 g
*   Hawthorn 10 g
*   Dried tangerine peel 5 g
*   Lemongrass 10 g
*   Sand ginger 10 g
*   White cardamom 10 g
*   Bay leaf 10 g

#### Granular Spices

Put the above ingredients into a pulverizer and crush them into approximately 4 mm particles for later use.

#### Shaped Spices

Wash the above ingredients and set aside.

### Tools

*   Pulverizer

## Calculation

*   Each serving of raw materials can make 7.5 kg of hot pot base/hot pot old oil

## Operation

*   Place the pot on high heat (high heat), add beef tallow and heat it to 80% heat (240±10°C), then add `old ginger, green onion, onion, garlic (100g each)`, fry until dry (to absorb the odor (beef tallow fishy smell)), then remove and discard.
*   Add `(salad oil || rapeseed oil), pure lard`, wait for the oil temperature in the pot to drop to 50% heat (150±10°C), then add `ciba chili` and stir-fry continuously for 5-8 minutes.
*   Add `douban` and stir-fry until loose, then turn to **medium-low heat** and stir-fry slowly until the material residue turns slightly white and sandy (making a rustling sound).
*   When the oil appears cherry red, add `ginger slices (150g), garlic (100g)` and stir-fry until fragrant, about 15 seconds.
*   Add `douchi, doubanjiang` and stir-fry until fragrant, then add `red peppercorns, fennel` and stir-fry until fragrant.
*   (Old oil) Add granular spices at this moment
*   Add `malt flour` and stir-fry until loose, then add `baijiu` and stir-fry until loose.

### As a Base

*   Remove from the pot and put it into a container, let it stand in a low-temperature environment (10-20) for 5 days before using it for the best effect.

### As Old Oil

*   Remove from the pot and put it into a container, add `dry chili powder` and stir well, let it stand for 24 hours, waiting to make **old oil**.
*   Pour the base into the pot, add 3/5 of boiling water and bring to a boil over high heat (base: 2/5 boiling water: 3/5).
*   After boiling, foam will appear on the surface, skim off the foam.
*   Turn to **medium-low heat** and simmer slowly to extract the flavor (about 25-30 minutes), filter to remove the residue.
*   After waiting for the **oil and water to separate** in the container, skim off the **oil** on the surface (beat out the oil) and put it into another container.
*   Pour the **oil** **skimmed** out in the previous step back into the **clean pot** until the moisture in the **oil is dried**, remove from the pot and put it into a container, which is **hot pot old oil**.

## Additional Content

*   **Warning: Please dry the water droplets on your hands before operating! To avoid water entering the oil pan and causing an explosion! Causing serious burns!**

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
