# Braised Noodles with Green Beans Recipe

Braised noodles with green beans is a lazy man's delicacy, simple to operate, convenient and delicious.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

*   Fresh noodles (韭叶 (韭叶) (chives leaf) or 二细 (二细) (Erxi) <explanation see the section below on the difference in noodle thickness)
*   Meat (preferably pork belly)
*   Salt
*   Green beans
*   Chicken essence
*   Oyster sauce
*   MSG
*   Thirteen spices
*   Light soy sauce
*   Dark soy sauce
*   Scallions
*   Garlic
*   Ginger
*   Hot water
*   菜刀 (菜刀) (Kitchen knife)
*   铲子 (铲子) (Spatula)
*   Steaming 篦子 (篦子) (rack)
*   Extra 盆 (盆) (basin)

## Calculation

The following amount is only enough for one person's staple food for one meal! Please adjust the amount of ingredients according to the actual situation!

*   Fresh noodles 300g.
*   Meat 100g.
*   Green beans 150g.
*   The amount of salt is: 2g.
*   The amount of cooking oil is 10 - 18 ml.
*   The amount of chicken essence is: 2g.
*   The amount of light soy sauce is: 10ml.
*   The amount of oyster sauce is: 5g.
*   The amount of thirteen spices is: 1g.
*   The amount of dark soy sauce is: 5ml.
*   The amount of MSG is: 1g.
*   The amount of hot water is: 150ml.
*   Scallions 10g.
*   Ginger 5g.
*   Garlic 10g.

Use the above conditions to calculate the proportion of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

### Preparation

*   Cut the green beans into 5cm - 6cm small sections.
*   Cut the scallions into 1cm - 2cm small sections.
*   Cut the ginger into 1mm x 1mm x 3cm long strips
*   Put the garlic on the cutting board and拍碎 (拍碎) (crush), cut into 1mm particles.
*   Cut the pork belly into 2mm thick slices.

*   First heat the pot, burn off all the water in the pot, put your hand over the pot 10cm away from the bottom of the pot, and feel obviously a little hot.
*   Add the above-mentioned fixed amount of cooking oil, hold the pot handle, 5cm away from the stove, shake the pot to fully coat two-thirds of the pot with cooking oil (from bottom to top).

> ps: If it is a non-stick pot, please ignore the above operations, just wait 3-5 seconds for the oil to heat up.

*   Add all the ginger and all the scallion sections, stir-fry until fragrant for 5 seconds (Note! There is a risk of oil splashing at this time, it is recommended to wear gloves or take protective measures).
*   Add all the meat slices, after adding, do not rush to饭锅 (饭锅) (cook), let it stand for 5 seconds, then stir-fry to make all the meat covered with cooking oil.
*   Stir-fry the meat slices continuously, and when all the meat slices have changed color, evenly pour the prepared light soy sauce along the side of the pot and stir-fry evenly.
*   Add the prepared salt, dark soy sauce, oyster sauce, thirteen spices, chicken essence and all the prepared green beans in turn, and stir-fry for 2 minutes.
*   Add the prepared hot water.
*   After the water boils, use a spoon to scoop out 1/2 of the vegetable soup in the pot (Note! Do not scoop out the vegetables).
*   Spread all the noodles flat on top of the vegetables.
*   Cover the pot and simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes.
*   Open the pot lid and use a spoon to evenly sprinkle the scooped vegetable soup on the noodles in an amount of one spoonful each time.
*   Cover the pot and simmer over medium heat for 3 minutes.
*   Open the pot lid and sprinkle all the garlic and MSG evenly.

> ps: At this time, there may still be water in the pot. If you want to eat it wetter, please turn off the heat, otherwise you don’t need to turn off the heat.

*   Use chopsticks to stir-fry continuously to evenly mix the vegetables and meat.
*   Turn off the heat

## Additional Content

### The difference in noodle thickness

*   毛细 (毛细) (Mao Xi) (as the name suggests, like hair, it is actually a bit like thin vermicelli)
*   细 (细) (Xi) (this is thicker than 毛细 (毛细) (Mao Xi), like the head of an incense stick)
*   二细 (二细) (Erxi) (a bit like ordinary stir-fried noodles)
*   三细 (三细) (Sanxi) (slightly thicker than 二细 (二细) (Erxi), it feels like eating thick vermicelli, but if the noodles are pulled relatively劲道 (劲道) (chewy), it feels very tasty to chew)
*   韭叶 (韭叶) (Jiuye) (this chicken is as wide as chives leaves)
*   大宽 (大宽) (Da Kuan) (just like the wide vermicelli you eat in spicy烫 (烫) (hot pot))

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
