# How to cook rice with a rice cooker

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★

## Essential ingredients and tools

*   Rice cooker
*   Jiangnan rice or Northern rice
*   Water

## Calculation

*   Generally, one person can eat 100ml-200ml of rice.

Fingertip water measurement method (a method to accurately determine the amount of water for rice)

*   For Jiangnan rice, when the index finger touches the rice in the rice cooker container, the amount of water can just cover the first joint of the index finger and 1/4 of the second joint (ie about 2.6 cm).
*   For Northern rice, when the index finger touches the rice in the rice cooker container, the amount of water can just cover the first joint of the index finger (ie about 2 cm).

Use the above conditions to calculate the proportion of raw materials to be used in the plan.

## Operation

*   Wash the rice
*   Add the rice and water to the rice cooker together.
*   Connect the rice cooker to the power supply and enter the heating mode. Wait about 30 minutes.
*   After the rice cooker automatically enters the keep warm mode.
*   Let the rice simmer in the rice cooker for 10-15 minutes.
*   Serve the rice.

## Additional Content

- Technical summary
  - No matter what container you use, you can use the "fingertip water measurement method" to cook good rice.
  - The amount of water can seriously affect the taste of a bowl of good rice.
  - Southern China generally eats Jiangnan rice, and Northern China generally eats Northern rice. Jiangnan rice is relatively slender, while Northern rice is relatively short and round.
  - Different varieties of rice and different amounts of water will greatly affect the taste of rice.
- Please refer to the instruction manual of the rice cooker used for more information.

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
