# Soup Noodles Recipe

Soup noodles are a basic staple food loved by many people. You can add any ingredients you like according to your personal preferences. They are nutritious, both solid and liquid, easy to obtain, simple to make, and anyone can do it.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Noodle ingredients: can be handmade noodles, Longxu noodles, noodle fish, or instant noodle cakes, various specifications of vermicelli, or any other form of noodles you like.
- Vegetable ingredients: It is recommended to combine meat and vegetables. Choose your favorite ingredients and wash them. For example:
  - Meat such as beef, mutton, fish, shrimp, etc. (raw or cooked)
  - Eggs such as chicken eggs, duck eggs, goose eggs, ostrich eggs, etc.
  - Soy products such as bean curd, bean curd skin, etc.
  - Vegetables such as lettuce, spinach, and romaine lettuce.
  - Vegetables such as green peppers, tomatoes, and carrots.

## Calculation

- Noodle ingredients: A single serving is the size of an instant noodle, and you can choose between 70-230g.
- Cold water: Add the amount that can submerge the noodles, generally choose between 200 - 400 ml
- Vegetables: The volume is about the same as the noodles
  - The volume of green vegetables can be ignored

## Operation

- First cut the vegetable ingredients into pieces with a side length of no more than 4cm for easy cooking
- If there is raw meat, first put it in cold water, cover the pot, bring it to a boil, first remove the blood foam on the top layer, then turn off the heat and remove the semi-cooked meat for later use
- First heat the water to boiling over high heat, then adjust to medium heat
- Put the ingredients that are more difficult to cook into the pot first (such as semi-cooked meat, mushrooms, etc. are put into the pot first). To ensure that they are cooked, you can time 10 minutes after boiling, and add 5 minutes for particularly difficult-to-cook large pieces of ingredients.
- Put the noodles into the pot, stir properly to ensure that the noodles and soup are fully in contact, so that the liquid surface remains slightly boiling, and cook for 5 minutes. After adding the noodles, white foam is easily generated on the liquid surface, so you can lift the lid to ventilate or remove the lid.
- Put the ingredients that are easy to cook, such as green vegetables, into the pot, stir properly to fully submerge them, and cook for 2-5 minutes
- Turn off the heat, then add salt, pepper, sesame oil and other seasonings you like, stir properly and serve

## Additional Content

- The operation process can be changed according to your preferences, and there will be surprises if you try more
- If you can't grasp the amount of salt, you can use the method of adding a small amount multiple times to avoid excessive amounts

If you follow this guide and find any problems or improvements, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
