# How to Make a B52 Bomber

The B-52 is a unique cocktail that is served with a short straw, napkin, and lighter.

Light the drink and drink it all in one gulp with a straw, then you can experience the feeling of ice and fire. That feeling can only be known if you try it.

Using a straw is suitable for ladies, the most exciting way to drink it is to drink it all in one gulp, being careful to avoid touching the rim of the glass to avoid burns, and let the fire go out in your mouth to get the best taste.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Kahlúa coffee liqueur
- Irish Baileys liqueur
- Skyy Original Vodka
- Bar spoon
- Liqueur glass
- Lighter

## Calculation

Per serving:

- Kahlúa coffee liqueur 10ml
- Irish Baileys liqueur 10ml
- Skyy Original Vodka 10ml

## Instructions

- Pour Kahlúa coffee liqueur into the bottom of the liqueur glass to 1/3 of the way. (10ml)
- Slowly pour Irish Baileys liqueur along the bar spoon, also to 1/3 of the way (10ml). Be careful to be slow to ensure distinct layers. (Too fast and the sweet wine will mix with the coffee)
- Finally pour Skyy Original Vodka on the top layer (10ml)
- Heat the rim of the glass with a lighter
- Last step: light the fire: See the pale blue flame?

## Additional Information

- When drinking, the method commonly used in bars now is to provide a straw, insert it while the fire is still burning, and then quickly inhale all of it.
- Because the straw is too thin, there is not enough oxygen in it, so the flame will go out, don't worry. At this time, you will feel a heat rushing down your throat all the way to your stomach, followed by a long-lasting coffee cream aftertaste. Very exciting and delicious.

If you follow the production process in this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
