# Di San Xian Recipe (Three Treasures from the Earth)

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Eggplant
- Potato
- Green pepper
- Scallion
- Ginger
- Garlic
- Doubanjiang (fermented broad bean paste)
- Light soy sauce
- Salt
- Sugar
- Starch

## Calculation

Note that this dish only has a version sufficient for 2-4 people.

- 100g eggplant
- 150g potato
- 3 - 4 green peppers
- 20g starch

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials.

## Operation

- Wash and peel the potatoes. Wash the eggplant and green peppers.
- Cut 3g of scallions into 0.5cm small pieces. Mince 10g of garlic. Mince 10g of ginger.
- Cut the eggplant, potatoes, and green peppers into 15g small pieces.
- Heat the pot and add 25ml of oil.
- Add the potatoes and fry for about 3 minutes, until they are about 80% cooked, and the color is golden.
- Remove the potatoes and leave the oil.
- Add the eggplant and fry for about 40 seconds, until it is about 70% cooked, and the color is golden.
- If there is no flowing oil in the pot, consider adding 15ml of oil.
- Add 3g of scallions. 10g ginger.
- Add 20ml of Doubanjiang.
- Add 10ml of light soy sauce.
- Add 8g of salt.
- Add 10g of sugar.
- Add the previously processed potatoes.
- Add green peppers.
- Stir-fry for 1 minute.
- Add 10g of garlic
- Add 200ml of water and 20g of starch.
- After the water boils, when the soup is reduced by half, turn off the heat and serve.

## Additional content

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
