# Stir-fried Eggplant Recipe

Homemade stir-fried eggplant, simple and easy to learn, the ingredients are not complicated, and the optional items are optional. (But star anise is highly recommended)

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Eggplant
- Star anise (optional)
- Dried shrimp (optional)
- Scallions (optional)
- Soy sauce
- Rapeseed oil or peanut oil

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 1-2 people to eat.

Total amount:

- Number of eggplants = number of servings * 1.8
- Star anise = number of servings * 1
- Dried shrimp = number of servings * half a handful for a normal man
- Scallions = number of servings * 2
- Soy sauce = number of servings * 40 ml

> Note: The amount of oil and soy sauce is also reflected in the operation. You can cross-compare to determine the amount of materials to add.

## Operation

- Wash the eggplant and divide it into two sections with one knife (cut vertically). Cut each section of eggplant into rhombus-shaped pieces, and put the cut eggplant into a bowl for later use.
- Wash the scallions and cut them into scallions and put them on the cutting board for later use.
- Cut the star anise and put it on the cutting board for later use.
- Heat the pot over high heat until there is no water in the pot.
- Pour cooking oil into the pot, twice as much as the bottom of the pot (you can add more oil, but not less).
- Heat the oil to about 60% maturity, add the three optional ingredients: star anise, dried shrimp, and scallions.
- If there are no optional ingredients such as star anise, heat the oil to 90% maturity.
- When the oil in the pot reaches 90% maturity, pour the eggplant in the bowl into the pot and stir-fry with a spatula.
- Stir-fry for about 40 seconds, suspend the spatula in the air, parallel to the pot, and pour the soy sauce into the spatula. About 2.5 spatulas per person (you can add less soy sauce, but not more, it will be salty)
- Continue to stir-fry.
- When all the eggplants in the pot change color and become soft, take them out.

## Additional content

- Because of the soy sauce, no salt is needed for this dish. You can taste it before serving. If it is not salty, you can add a small amount of salt. Next time you stir-fry, you should increase the amount of soy sauce.
- If you add dried shrimp, you can reduce the amount of soy sauce as appropriate.
- When stir-frying this dish, keep it on high heat.
- Remember! Do not add water, it will turn into boiled eggplant, which tastes bad, so you can add more oil, but not less.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
