# Stir-fried Green Vegetables Recipe

Simple and convenient to make. It is expected to be completed in 10 minutes.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Green vegetables

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 1 person to eat.

Total amount:

- 100g of green vegetables * number of servings
- 10-15ml of cooking oil (just cover the bottom of the pot)
- 2g of salt * number of servings
- 70ml of drinking water * number of servings
- 5g of white sugar * number of servings

## Operation

- Break the green vegetables into small petals, wash them with clean water, and set aside.
- After heating the pot over medium or high heat, add 10-15ml of cooking oil to the pot. Wait another 30 seconds for the oil temperature to rise.
- Pour the prepared green vegetables into the pot and stir-fry until the green vegetables become soft (about 1 minute).
- Pour in the calculated amount of water, the water level should completely immerse or be about to cover the green vegetables, add salt (2g * number of servings), and continue to stir-fry for about 1 minute.
- Finally, add white sugar and heat over low heat for 2 minutes. Cover the pot when heating.
- Serve.

## Additional content

Adding white sugar will make the green vegetables more green.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
