# Braised Eggplant Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Garlic
- Scallion
- Green pepper
- Onion
- Tomato
- Green eggplant
- Salt
- Soy sauce
- Egg
- Flour
- Starch

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 2 people to eat.

Total amount:

- Number of green eggplants = number of servings * 0.7
- Green pepper = number of servings * 0.5
- Onion = number of servings * 0.3
- Tomato = 1
- Scallion = half
- Garlic = 3 cloves
- Egg = 1
- Flour = number of green eggplants * 150 grams
- Starch = flour / 4 grams
- Soy sauce = number of eggplants * 7 grams (round up)

## Operation

1. Wash the green eggplant, green pepper, tomato, onion, and scallion.
2. Cut the scallion into 5 mm wide scallion flowers, peel and crush the garlic, cut the tomato into 6 cubic centimeter pieces, and cut the green pepper and onion into 5g pieces.
3. Cut the eggplant into rhombus-shaped pieces (first cut into 2 cm thick slices, then cut the slices into 2 cm strips, and finally cut into pieces diagonally...).
4. Pour the flour into a basin, add a small amount of water in order, stir evenly until it is a thick paste.
5. Add starch, add 30 grams of water, and stir evenly.
6. Crack the egg into the basin, add (flour / 20) grams of salt, and stir evenly.
7. Pour the eggplant pieces into the batter, stir so that every side of the eggplant pieces can be coated with batter.
8. Heat the pot over high heat, add 500 ml of oil. When you can see a wisp of smoke coming out of the oil in the pot, reduce to low heat, use chopsticks to put the eggplant pieces into the oil pot, after all the eggplant pieces are in the pot, increase to medium heat, until the eggplant pieces turn golden brown, take them out and pour out the oil.
9. Add (number of servings * 5) g of oil, add garlic and scallion flowers, stir-fry for 15 seconds, add green pepper pieces and stir-fry for 30 seconds, add tomato and stir-fry for 30 seconds.
10. Add the fried eggplant pieces, add water so that the water level is 0.8 times the height of the ingredients in the pot.
11. Add soy sauce and (number of servings * 3) g of salt.
12. Wait until the soup becomes thick (the water level is about 0.2-0.3 times the height of the remaining ingredients), open the lid, serve the dish, and turn off the heat.

## Additional content

In steps 4-6 of the operation, pay attention to:
Be sure to execute in order, otherwise there will be disastrous errors...

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
