# Eggplant and Potato Stew Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Eggplant
- Potato
- Meat
- Chili (green chili, not chili powder or chili oil)
- Soy sauce
- Salt
- Garlic

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 2-3 people to eat.

Total amount:

- Number of eggplants = number of servings * 1 (about 150g each)
- Number of potatoes = number of servings * 1 (about 150g each)
- Amount of meat = number of servings * 180 grams
- Amount of soy sauce = number of servings * 15 ml
- Amount of salt = number of servings * 5 grams
- Amount of chili = 50 grams (for seasoning, so add this amount no matter how many people are eating)
- Amount of garlic = 3 cloves (for seasoning, so add this amount no matter how many people are eating. Note that it is 3 small cloves inside, not 3 whole heads)

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials.

## Operation

1. Wash the eggplant, potatoes, and chili, peel and crush the garlic.
2. Cut the eggplant and potatoes into pieces of about 6 cubic centimeters, cut the chili into small pieces of 5 grams, and cut the meat into strips of 3 centimeters.
3. Heat the pot over high heat, add number of servings * 13 ml of oil.
4. When you can see a wisp of smoke coming out of the oil in the pot, add the chili.
5. After the chili is fragrant, immediately add the meat and stir-fry with a spatula for 30 seconds.
6. Add the potatoes and stir-fry for 30 seconds.
7. Add the eggplant and stir-fry for 30 seconds.
8. Add soy sauce and salt, and continue to stir-fry for 5 minutes.
9. Add water, the water level is 0.9 times the height of the ingredients in the pot, and cover the pot.
10. Wait until the height of the water in the pot is 0.1 times the height of the remaining ingredients, open the lid, add garlic, stir evenly, and turn off the heat.

## Additional content

In steps 5-7 of the operation, pay attention to: During this process, if there is no liquid (oil or water) at the bottom of the pot, add 5 ml of water and continue to stir-fry.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
