# Scallion Fried Tofu Recipe

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- White tofu
- Scallion
- Green pepper
- Salt
- Chicken essence
- Frying pan

## Calculation

Determine how many servings you plan to make each time before making. One serving is just enough for 1 person to eat.

Total amount:

- Number of white tofu = number of servings * 0.8, rounded up.
- Number of peppers = 1.5 / 3 people.
- Number of scallions = 2 / 3 people.
- Amount of salt = number of servings * 3g.
- Amount of chicken essence = number of servings * 1.5g.

Use the above conditions to calculate the planned ratio of raw materials, and adjust according to taste.

## Operation

* Wash the tofu. Cut into about 5 mm thickness and place on a plate.
* Wash the scallions, remove the roots, cut into scallion flowers, and set aside.
* Wash the peppers, cut them open, remove the seeds, cut into 1cm * 1cm pieces, and set aside.
* Heat the pot, add number of servings * 9ml of oil.
* After the oil enters the pot, spread it evenly on the bottom of the pot, evenly put in the tofu, and fry over low heat until golden brown, then turn over.
* When both sides are golden brown, put them on a plate and set aside.
* Add oil to cover the bottom of the pot, pour in the peppers and stir-fry over high heat, and crush for 3 minutes.
* Pour in the tofu, stir-fry, add salt and chicken essence, stir-fry over medium heat for 1 minute, then pour in 10 ML of water, and reduce the juice over high heat.
* Before serving, sprinkle with the previously calculated scallion flowers, and serve.

## Additional content

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
