# Grilled Eggplant with Teriyaki Sauce Recipe

As everyone knows, eggplant 🍆 and potato 🥔 are two kinds of meat dishes. This grilled eggplant with teriyaki sauce is to eel in appearance as ginger is to potato in `Potato Stew .*`.

Estimated cooking difficulty: ★★★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

- Eggplant
- Teriyaki sauce
- Honey
- White sugar
- Light soy sauce
- Dark soy sauce
- Cooking wine
- Water

## Calculation

- Decide on the amount of oil according to the type of pot
  - Non-stick pot: The oil should gather into drops and spread over the area of the eggplant
  - Iron pot: The oil should just cover the bottom of the pot after spreading
- 1 long eggplant that is small at the top and large at the bottom (note that you should not use Zhejiang eggplant or round eggplant)
- 1 serving of teriyaki sauce
  - 20 ml honey
  - 15 ml white sugar
  - 40 ml light soy sauce
  - 10 ml dark soy sauce
  - 20 ml cooking wine
  - 100 ml water

## Operation

- Peel the eggplant and cut it horizontally into two sections
- Steam for 5 minutes
- Cut it open lengthwise, but do not cut it off, and cut 2~3 knives on each side to flatten it
- Fry until golden brown on both sides
- Pour teriyaki sauce on the eggplant until it covers 1/2 of the eggplant's height
- Fry until the back is colored, turn it over
  - At the same time, reduce the juice. If the juice cannot be reduced, you can add water starch (the ratio of raw starch to water is 1:4 to 1:10 depending on the juice reduction situation)
- Pour the remaining teriyaki sauce on the eggplant
- Serve, a serving of eggplant grilled with teriyaki sauce is ready

## Additional content

- This teriyaki is actually very Chinese, Japanese teriyaki is actually grilled.
- Is the soul actually in the teriyaki sauce? You can also buy ready-made teriyaki sauce.
- If you feel greasy, you can sprinkle some chopped scallions cut into 2~5 mm after serving, and the color matching can also be less monotonous.
- For stir-fried eggplant (fish-flavored eggplant, sauce-burst eggplant), Zhejiang eggplant is strongly recommended. It is thin and long, so it is just right to cut into chunks. The skin is very tender and does not need to be peeled like here. The taste of the eggplant is moderate.

If you follow the production process of this guide and find any problems or processes that can be improved, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
